How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was a lot faster than comparing the two scripts

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It can help solve problems more efficiently

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    A con is having an outdated version or having to save it too many times so it takes up space. A pro is being able to have a backup file to compare what you did.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    To allow grouping where as in google each individual file is it's own thing

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use them to compare files for errors

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It makes you more confident because then you know where the problems will come from and how to solve the,

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    TO learn more

    How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
     efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can compare what you have changed and why the newer version is not
    working

    What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to
    create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
    saved, like Google Docs does?

    Pro's of choosing is not having to save everything but you could forget
    something. A pro of automatically is that you never forget to save it but it could savedalot which takes
    up a lot of space

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because in version control systems something things may need to be grouped
together because they work together on the same project

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

you can use them to view changes and past errors made

 How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

 Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
